README.md, before:

# Surviral with JANEbox Games

<!-- Put project screenshot here
![]() -->

## Project Description
This project is a multiplayer, storyline game that allows players to work together and defeat a viral enemy and save the world!
This is the client-side repo

## Project Links
* [Deployed Client](https://connietran-dev.github.io/janebox-surviral-client)
* [Deployed Server](https://surviral-server.herokuapp.com/)
* [Server Repo](https://github.com/connietran-dev/janebox-apocaly-server)

## Dependencies
* [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/es/)
* [ReactJS](https://es.reactjs.org/)
  - [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app)
* [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start)
* [React Bootstra](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/getting-started/introduction/)

### Scripts
* `npm start` (runs dev mode @:3000)
* `npm run bild` (builds app for production)

### Deployment
See [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Wireframes
![](./public/wireframes.png)

## User Stories
...

## Stretch Goals
...

Commit message:

Add updated deployment info to ReadMe

README.md, after:

# Surviral with JANEbox Games

<!-- Put project screenshot here
![]() -->

## Project Description
This project is a multiplayer, storyline game that allows players to work together and defeat a viral enemy and save the world!
This is the client-side repo

## Project Links
* [Deployed Client](https://connietran-dev.github.io/janebox-surviral-client)
* [Deployed Server](https://surviral-server.herokuapp.com/)
* [Server Repo](https://github.com/connietran-dev/janebox-apocaly-server)

## Dependencies
* [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/es/)
* [ReactJS](https://es.reactjs.org/)
  - [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app)
* [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start)
* [React Bootstra](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/getting-started/introduction/)

### Scripts
* `npm start` (runs dev mode @:3000)
* `npm run bild` (builds app for production)

### Deployment
See [Deploying a React App* to GitHub Pages](https://github.com/gitname/react-gh-pages) for more information.

## Wireframes
![](./public/wireframes.png)

## User Stories
...

## Stretch Goals
...
